Animation property 
The animation property in CSS can be used to animate many other CSS properties such as color, background-color, height, or width. 
Each animation needs to be defined with the @keyframes at-rule which is then called with the animation property, like so:
Properties 

    animation-name: declares the name of the @keyframes at-rule to manipulate.
    animation-duration: the length of time it takes for an animation to complete one cycle.
    animation-timing-function: establishes preset acceleration curves such as ease or linear.
    animation-delay: the time between the element being loaded and the start of the animation sequence (cool examples).
    animation-direction: sets the direction of the animation after the cycle. Its default resets on each cycle.
    animation-iteration-count: the number of times the animation should be performed.
    animation-fill-mode: sets which values are applied before/after the animation.
    For example, you can set the last state of the animation to remain on screen, or you can set it to switch back to before when the animation began.
    animation-play-state: pause/play the animation.


...........................................

@keyframes stretch {
  /* declare animation actions here */
}

.element {
  animation-name: stretch;
  animation-duration: 1.5s; 
  animation-timing-function: ease-out; 
  animation-delay: 0s;
  animation-direction: alternate;
  animation-iteration-count: infinite;
  animation-fill-mode: none;
  animation-play-state: running; 
}

/*
  is the same as:
*/

.element {
  animation: 
    stretch
    1.5s
    ease-out
    0s
    alternate
    infinite
    none
    running;
}


Here’s a full list of which values each of these sub-properties can take:
animation-timing-function	ease, ease-out, ease-in, ease-in-out, linear, cubic-bezier(x1, y1, x2, y2) (e.g. cubic-bezier(0.5, 0.2, 0.3, 1.0))
animation-duration	Xs or Xms
animation-delay	Xs or Xms
animation-iteration-count	X
animation-fill-mode	forwards, backwards, both, none
animation-direction	normal, alternate
animation-play-state	paused, running, running